## Abstract {.page_break_before}

*Background:* An individual's frailty can be expressed as a relative proportion of accumulated health deficits. 
Frailty is a known risk factor for many negative outcomes including poor response to therapy and surgery, institutionalization, and death. 
Inhabitants of assisted-care facilities are among the most frail and vulnerable, and frailty assessment is a key component in maximizing their quality of life. 
Given previously observed associations between the microbiome and chronic conditions, it may be the case that there is an overall microbial signature of frailty, or that specific microbial taxa or functions are associated with frailty.

*Methods:* Ethical approval was obtained from XXX.
We collected up to five weekly fecal samples from a cohort of 46 subjects in an assisted-care facility in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, and profiled microbial diversity using both marker-gene taxonomic surrogates and metagenomic analysis. 
The taxonomic and functional diversity of subjects was compared with subject attributes including age, frailty, medication use, and specific medical conditions.

*Results:* We observed substantial variation in the microbiome of our study subjects despite their shared residence. 
The majority of individuals showed remarkable stability over a month of sampling, although we did observe dramatic shifts in the dominant microbiota in a small number of cases. 
Contrary to previously published studies, we found no significant relationship between frailty, age, and overall microbiome diversity; however, a small set of bacterial groups associated with frailty, and a larger set with age. 
Metagenomic analysis suggested large variation in the number of types of resistance genes present in different individuals, and *drug-metabolism /VF analysis?*

*Conclusions:* Our results suggest that there is no association between overall microbial diversity and age or frailty; however, certain taxa and functions may associate with specific aspects of frailty (*medication*)? 
From a diagnostic point of view, however, microbiome profiling can provide clear evidence for pathogen presence and risks associated with virulence and antimicrobial resistance. 
Given its minimal invasiveness and cost, “microbial frailty” can serve as a valuable complement to traditional frailty assessments.

Keywords: Frailty, microbial diversity, time series, antimicrobial resistance


