## Background 

On average, health declines with age, but not everyone of the same age has the same risk, even at advanced ages [@doi:10.1093/gerona/glu089]. 
People at greater risk due to the accumulation of health related deficits and the consequent, multiply determined decrease in the ability to respond to stress are said to be frail [@doi:10.1016/S0140-6736(12)62167-9].
Frailty is an important clinical and public health problem, so that many lines of research are now directed to the determinants of frailty. 
[FINISH THIS PARAGRAPH WITH MORE STUFF ABOUT FRAILTY]

[LITERATURE REVIEW #1 - WHY MIGHT WE EXPECT CONNECTIONS BETWEEN FRAILTY AND THE MICROBIOME?] 

[LITERATURE REVIEW #2 - WHAT HAVE PEOPLE FOUND? WHY HAVE SOME RESULTS BEEN INCONSISTENT?] A recent report extends an initial observation that frailty was associated with reduced gut microbiota diversity [Eldermet] in showing associations with specific taxa. (etc.) 

(Jackson M, Jeffery IB, Beaumont M, Bell JT, Clark AG, Ley RE, O'Toole PW, Spector TD, Steves CJ. Signatures of early frailty in the gut microbiota. Genome Med. 2016 Jan 29;8(1):8. doi: 10.1186/s13073-016-0262-7. PMID: 26822992
Notes: that used an FI based on our criteria; replicated the Eldermet sequences and analytics, more or less, in the Twins UK cohort (age range 42-86) – so low FIs. We will have higher / older..
Plus, have you seen this – couldn’t get it.)

[HYPOTHESIS PARAGRAPH!!] Frailty is intended to give a holistic view of health, independent of any specific condition. Individuals in assisted-care facilities show a high degree of variation in age and frailty, which might suggest a high degree of variability in the microbiome. However, sharing a common residence and eating similar meals may tend to reduce the amount of variation exhibited by the microbiome. Here we assess the microbiome in a set of 46 study subjects from an assisted-care facility. The majority of individuals exhibit similar patterns of diversity and a high degree of stability over the five-week study period, but the overlap in microbiota among study subjects is surprisingly low. We also find stronger associations of both taxonomy and function with age than with frailty, and identify connected sets of co-occurring groups of microorganisms.

