## Background 

### Study Design

Ethical approval

### Frailty Index CalculationA

The FI was constructed with 54 variables chosen from the CGA (Appendix). 
A total of 58 variables were considered but 4 were excluded due to either a 100% deficit prevalence or because the variable was missing in more than 20% of the sample. 
Co-morbidities were entered to a maximum of 18, so if someone had more than 18 co-morbidities listed on the CGA, only 18 was added to the calculation of the FI.
The FI score of each person was calculated by dividing the number of deficits by the total number of variables that each person had. 
For people who had data on all 54 variables, the FI was the number of deficits divided by 54 but if someone was missing 3 variables then the FI was the number of deficits divided by 51.

### Sample collection and DNA Extraction
Fecal samples were collected from forty-seven individuals as shown in figure X at different time points. 
Feces were collected with EasySampler Stool Collection Kit as manufacturer’s instruction in most cases.
Under circumstance where samples couldn’t be collected with standard procedure, collection hat was used.
Samples were stored at -80°C until processed further.
Total genomic DNA from each fecal sample was extracted using the MoBio PowerFecal DNA isolation kit according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Isolated DNA was quantified using UV-spectrophotometer and stored at -80°C until use.
Additionally, we collected the diet intake for each subject throughout the sample collection period and drug administration records.

### DNA sequencing
We used two independent approaches to decipher the taxonomic and functional composition of microbial community. 
First, a region of approximately 435bp, in the 16S rRNA gene covering the V6-V8 variable region, was amplified from each samples using gene specific primers to construct a sequencing library and sequenced using an Illumina MiSeq. 
We incorporated Illumina indices and sequencing region on amplification primers as reported earlier (Ref). 
Second, we choose third or later collected sample for each subject to perform shotgun metagenome sequencing on an Illumina NextSeq 500. 
Paired-end metagenomic library of 150bp were prepared using Nextera XT DNA Library Preparation Kit as per manufacturer’s instruction. 
Sequencing was performed at an in-house sequencing facility IMR-CGEB (Integrated Microbiome Resource - Centre for Comparative Genomics and Evolutionary Bioinformatics, Dalhousie University, Halifax, NS, Canada) on Illumina MiSeq generating 300-bp paired-end reads for 16S metagenomics and on NextSeq 500 generating 150bp paired-end reads for shotgun metagenomics. 
This produced *** of high quality reads, with *** (mean) and *** reads, with ***(mean± sd) on Miseq and NextSeq, respectively.

### Data analysis
#### 16S
#### PICRUSt
#### Metagenomics
#### Metabolomics
#### Everything together with metadata
